29979: Removed the use of expect from CodingStandardsRust (#883)
torproject/tor: doc/HACKING/CodingStandardsRust.md

   or 2) should fail (i.e. in a unittest).

   You SHOULD NOT use `unwrap()` anywhere in which it is possible to handle the

>    potential error the eel operator, `?` or another non panicing way.

Reviewer: Two typos:
```suggestion
   potential error with the eel operator, `?` or another non panicking way.
```
